= GoogleVoice::Api

Gem for interacting with Google Voice (http://www.google.com/voice/)


== Install

  gem install googlevoiceapi

== Usage

This gem provides a class for your application, GoogleVoice::Api. This
class can be initialized with your Google Account credentials provided you
have access to the Google Voice. Then you can use your object to interact
with the features of Google Voice, such as placing calls, sending text messages,
and viewing account history.

You create your object this way:

  require 'googlevoiceapi'
  api = GoogleVoice::Api.new('username@gmail.com', 'password')
  
To send a text message, you would do the following:

  api.sms('1234567890', 'This is my text message')
  
The method will properly encode the message for you and send it to the 
phone number you specify.

To place a call, you would similarly do the following:

  api.call('1234567890', '1235551234')
  
The first number is the number to call, and the second number is the
forwarding number, a number on your Google Voice account that will 
ring first before it places the call to your remote recipient.

There is also a cancel() method that will cancel a pending call that
has not been answered yet. To cancel a call in progress, just hang 
up your phone (duh!).

There are also methods that provide you access to your inbox, sms and 
call history, voicemail, etc. The methods look like this:

  xml_data = api.inbox_xml()
  
The available methods include: inbox_xml, starred_xml, all_xml, spam_xml, 
trash_xml, voicemail_xml, sms_xml, trash_xml, recorded_xml, placed_xml, 
received_xml, and missed_xml

More information on the pseudo-API we have to work with currently with
Google Voice can be found here: 

  http://posttopic.com/topic/google-voice-add-on-development


== Tests

This gem provides a set of RSpec tests along with it, but since you 
have to run the tests with a valid username/password, I have abstracted
out any sensitive information into spec/rspec_config.yml. Copy the example
file spec/example.rspec_config.yml over and make the necessary changes 
before running the test suite with "rake spec" or else you won't get any
passing tests.


== License

Copyright (c) 2010 Tim Gourley
 
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
